# Parsec Community Meeting (10/11/2020) 📋

Note: the content of this page will be recorded in the [community
repository](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Jesper Brynolf
- Paul Howard
- Ionuț Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Fresh news on Parsec work
2. Shall we move to weekly meetings?
3. New `tss-esapi` release and stabilisation

## Minutes

### General news

- The Trusted Service provider is being added, a few PRs are currently in early review
- The JWT-SVID authenticator is also being added, the PRs are there for early review.
- Some working is going on to try to continue the Rust PKCS11 [safe
   abstraction](https://github.com/mheese/rust-pkcs11/issues/38)
- A joint talk with the SPIFFE and Parsec teams is going to happen on 17th November for the Cloud
   Native Security Day, see [this](https://cnsdna20.sched.com/event/fJAk) for more info!

### Shall we move to weekly meetings?

Everyone agreed that it would be more convenient to meet weekly. @hug-dev to ask for a time which
will suit everyone otherwise we will keep the same time and update the calendar.

### tss-esapi crate versioning

- A new alpha release should be made to contain all the latest changes and we should create an issue
   to list the things we need to do before stabilisation. @hug-dev to create the issue.
- A good goal is to removing all raw TSS types and only have abstracted types on every API. Also
   have all API implemented for rust-keylime to use.
- alpha versions are hard to follow, do not show automatically on docs.rs, cargo does not
   automatically update to those versions when updating or building the dependency

### Out-of-box Parsec test on Fedora IoT 33

- Parsec is installed and running by default on Fedora IoT 33 🤩
- DBUS-PARSEC can be used to show that Parsec is running in simple steps. See the snippet below.

*Please note that the following snippet is only to show Parsec running but not an example on how to
use dbus-parsec.*

```
sudo systemctl enable --now dbus-parsec
echo somesecret | dbus-parsec-control prime networkmanager myvpn password 
```

*Copyright 2020 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
