# Parsec Community Meeting (11/05/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Should we add fuzz-testing as a pre-release step?
2. Communicate the new release process
3. OnDiskKeyInfoManager's stability for non-breaking changes
4. Is ECC support for PKCS11 provider required for 0.8.0 release? Could/should we do a 0.7.x in the
   mean-time, just with that?

## Minutes

- Fuzz testing as part of the Linux Fondation badge requirement. We do not have automated fuzz
   testing. Should we manually run it duing the code-freeze period? Should we take some time
   updating? 3-4 weeks to run it.
- GH issue to track updating of fuzz testing framework
   ([here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/422)). If an error found is important,
   maybe better to find it before stabilization, rather than during stabilization period rush.
- Could use the [CNCF Cluster](https://github.com/cncf/cluster) to run it but on which version of
   Parsec? Continuously?
- A new release process is available
   [here](https://parallaxsecond.github.io/parsec-book/contributing/release_process.html). How do we
   make sure people know about it? Could look at the issue board to track the milestone every week.
- Milestone 0.8.0 to be put on all relevent issues for an easy view. Attestation and stability are
   the current main topics.
- ECC support should be added if we have the availability for the 0.8.0 release. A lot of parts are
   already there to make it easier. [The issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/421)
   has been tagged.
- In the long term: has to change KIM but also manage existing data in the old KIM. A self-contained
   tool could perform the migration of keys from the old KIM to the new one when Parsec is shutdown.
- Now the CI will detect for stability breakage.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
