# Parsec Community Meeting (15/06/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Discuss the key attestation proposal

## Minutes

- Focusing on the TPM case: a way for the remotei server to verify that a key is indeed on this TPM.
   Ensuring that this key is on the TPM and has specific properties (ie non-exportable). Proving how
   this key is stored. Making sure that a client does not say that a key is generated on the TPM
   while it was not.
- Start with Certifyx509, easier to use, no specific TPM knowledge.
- Certifyx509 might still add some specific TPM things to the signature.
- Freshness useful, probably required.
- Proposal document aligns with what is expected. Maybe expend the TPM provider configuration file
   to help populating the certificate created. Could be provided by the client to allow chaining of
   certificate. The default would be the root key specified by the admin.
- Yubikey also allows to select a different signer key.
- Custom attestation keys useful to anonymise the attestation, otherwise the CA built-in would know
   about it. Useful for privacy.
- If nothing is specified during the request, use the default built-in key but could also specify
   another key created by Parsec (or not if the key identifier is generic or not Parsec related).
- Having separate generate and attestation steps might be useful. Attestation might only be needed
   later.
- Update to come on the proposal to add those changes.
- At first: 0nly backended to the TPM and experimental feature (stability not guaranteed). 0.8.0
   release could potentially have an experimental implementation of this. Some baseline confidence
   would be needed to make sure the API is workable. Tentatively put on next week's agenda, for
   updates.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
