# Parsec Community Meeting (06/07/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Read-only attributes in some PKCS11 implementations: what to do? See
   [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/462).
2. 0.8.0 review

## Minutes

- Could be fine to add a new specific configuration flag now (just for those two attributes) and
   generalise it later (and maybe deprecate it then).
- Having a blocklist of PKCS11 attributes could mean that some of the PSA Crypto contracts won't be
   respected (if a key is successfully created as exportable but can't be for exemple).
- For completeness, it could be possible to create a key set as exportable in software using Mbed
   Crypto, so that it can be exported. Could present more security issues though.
- To respect the PSA Crypto API, a `PsaErrorNotSupported` could be returned if a key is created with
   the `export` flag set to true. Better than ignoring flags that fundamentally change the nature of
   the key.
- A new flag will be added to prevent creating a new key set as exportable.
- The issue above is to enable Parsec on the NXP Layerscape platform. It would be great for Parsec
   to be integrated in the Layerscape SDK.
- Key attestation design: the rework of the proposal is being finished with new protobuf contract
   and configuration change.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
