# Parsec Community Meeting (23/02/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Ionuț Mihalcea
- Nicolas Stalder
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

- Future of rust-pkcs11 use.

## Minutes

- Our concerns rust-pkcs11 come from two points:
   - our need to enhance the current interface with safer and more idiomatic Rust types in order to
      use it in Parsec. We raised a few issues and made one
      [PR](https://github.com/mheese/rust-pkcs11/pull/43) for that.
   - our need for that crate to support, in a scalable way, the compilation to different targets
      than Linux on x86. For example Linux on 32 bits Raspberry Pi. Fixes were merged but not yet
      released in a new version. The PR we did provides a scalable way to add new compilation
      targets for bindgen.
- To those concerns, the Parsec team has been reaching out to the maintainers of the rust-pkcs11
   crate multiple times over the past 6 months, with no response.
- Those points are just to explain the context and the background of our decision but not in any way
   to critize the behaviour of mheese and the other maintainers of the rust-pkcs11 crate. We are
   extremely thankful for all the work that was done with that crate and do not close the door to
   future collaborations.
- Because of the two first points, we decided that we will create our own PKCS #11 Rust wrapper
   containing the contents of the PR linked above: one `sys` crate for low level PKCS #11
   abstraction and one high-level, idiomatic and safe Rust crate.
- The name has not yet been decided and will be via a discussion on our Slack channel.
- Nicolas, CTO of [SoloKey](https://solokeys.com/), explained the
   [Trussed](https://solokeys.com/blogs/news/trussed-announcement) project. The project is to be
   presented in a future instance of this meeting.
- Nicolas described their use of PKCS #11 through the
   [pkcs11-uri](https://github.com/nickray/pkcs11-uri) crate.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
