# Parsec Community Meeting (07/09/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

- Update on the TPM key persistence issue
- Discuss the CI failures and what to do about them
- Should CanDoCrypto be a no-auth operation?
- Should we define our own rustfmt configuration?

## Minutes

- PRs for fixing the TPM key persistence issue are up:
   - TSS crate PR [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi/pull/256)
   - Parsec service PR [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/pull/515)
- Reviews are needed, with a goal of releasing the two crates (`tss-esapi` and `parsec-service`) by
   the end of this week
- CI and nightly runs have been failing for a couple of weeks as described
   [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/514). The issue seems related to additions
   to the nightly standard library, and no easy fix exists because we're tied down to version 1.43.0
   of the Rust compiler, used by the OpenSUSE team for packaging. A decision was made to remove the
   problematic builds for now (as they're not critical for testing/verification) and to fix them
   after the 0.8.x release.
- CanDoCrypto offers functionality that is client/key independent, and thus could theoretically be
   used by anyone who can connect to Parsec. Given that a [first
   PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/pull/522) was opened to implement this operation in
   the service, it's a good time to determine whether we should simply allow it to be a no-auth. The
   answer is "no": there is a possibility we might need to stop unauthenticated users find out what
   is supported by the service, and there is no strong incentive to offer this as no-auth, as our
   current "authentication" is generally automated and lightweight.
- All of our repos expect (by way of CI checks) source code formatting using `rustfmt`, using the
   default configuration of the tool. Such formatting is quite common across the Rust ecosystem,
   however we do not explicitly document it anywhere in the Parsec book. [A new
   issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-book/issues/130) exists to add information about
   this in the contribution guide. We can also start looking at tweaking that default configuration
   in the future, past the 0.8.x release is done, to make PRs easier to review.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
