# Parsec Community Meeting (16/03/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Ionuț Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. An easier-to-use Software Provider? Based on ring or RustCrypto?
2. Stabilising the KeyTriple to KeyInfo mappings, removing the dependency on `psa-crypto`
3. New algorithm and key type in PSA Crypto 1.0.1, stability and mappings concerns
4. Agreeing on the [Mock Service Proposal](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/350)
5. Renaming `master` branches to `main`. Can be done from [web
   UI](https://github.com/github/renaming#renaming-existing-branches).
6. How should we handle the minimum supported version of `tpm2-tss` for the `tss-esapi` crate? We've
   had some questions lately on the exact versions we support and if we can move forward to a more
   recent release (>= 2.4.0).

## Minutes

1. The Mbed Crypto provider is there for simplicity and convenience as it is a software provider and
   share very similar interface than Parsec. Could also be used to support other targets via the SE
   driver interface. Using another software provider like ring or RustCrypto could be beneficial to
   some people but they would need FIPS audit for RHEL.
2. What is stored inside the mappings should be independent to other crates to not break
   Deserialization in case of breaking changes. The `Attributes` structure could be copied in Parsec
   but it is big, especially due to `Algorithm`. Breaking changes in the KIM should only be
   introduced with a new one that can be selected in the configuration. See [this
   issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-book/issues/83).
3. `#[non_exhaustive]` can be used on enums to not introduce breaking changes when introducing new
   `Algorithm`/`KeyType`. Introducing it is a breaking change in itself.
4. Agree to create the repository, a prototype can be started there. More reviews might happen
   later.
5. Notice the community and then do it.
6. Should we only keep support for 2.4 and leave 2.3.3? RHEL uses 2.3.2. Compile-time checks could
   set what constant names to use. See
   [this](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi/issues/207).

- As the TSS API offers an asynchronous version of all APIs, the crate could also offer `async`
   support.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
