# Parsec Community Meeting (23/11/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Sam Spycher

## Agenda

1. News about AWS Greengrass + Parsec integration for re:Invent demo
2. Update on Parsec dev work

## Minutes

1. Sam Spycher shared news about an upcoming demo which will be presented at re:Invent 2021, showing
   an integration between AWS Greengrass and Parsec. You can see a video of the demo
   [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hxw-Qz7evQE&ab_channel=ArmSoftwareDevelopers) and a
   blogpost
   [here](https://community.arm.com/arm-community-blogs/b/tools-software-ides-blog/posts/parsec-adds-security-for-aws-iot-greengrass).
   - Work for the demo included building two new components: a Java client for Parsec, and a JCA
      Provider on top of it.
   - The demo is not production-ready: the key is imported, not generated in Parsec, for example.
      See point (2).
   - These two new pieces will be open-sourced in the coming week(s).
2. A few streams of work are going on in parallel:
   - Anton is working on a CanDoCrypto implementation for the Mbed Crypto and Trusted Services
      providers
   - Paul has a PoC for CSR generation for Parsec keys, embedded into the Parsec tool. This work is
      not tied down to the 0.9.0 release, it's related more closely to the Greengrass integration
      from (1), as CSRs would be needed if Parsec were to be used to actually generate the key.
   - Ionut wrapped up key attestation using ActivateCredential and will switch focus to integrating
      the SQLite KIM.
   - It was decided to also wait until a stable version of the TSS crate is released.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
