# Parsec Community Meeting (19/01/2021) 📋

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionuț Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Fresh news on Parsec work
2. How to handle failures during DeleteClient operations?
3. Dealing with the `git` `spiffe` dependency in order to publish a new version of Parsec and the
   Rust client

## Minutes

- `ListClients`, `DeleteClient` and the admin feature are merged in all repos. The CryptoAuthLib
   provider skeleton has been merged in. Version bumps all over to prepare for a new Parsec release.
- It was agreed that the best way to handle client deletion is trying to go through all items and
   making sure that a new client with the same name can be created once one has been deleted. For
   keys, it should be always the case that if a key exists, the mappings are at least deleted
   (https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/323). The DeleteClient operation should ignore
   particular kind of errors from PsaDestroyKey. Objects non-deleted because of some error should be
   logged. Should they be returned in some way to the caller? Discuss in a new issue.
- Authenticators should be put under features, all-activated by default so that some of them can be
   removed of the binary. CI should test that Parsec compile when they are activated independantly.
   `cargo clippy --all-features` might check that. See the [implementation
   PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/pull/322).
- The `tss-esapi` crate will be presented in the TPM.Dev meeting tomorrow.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
