# Parsec Community Meeting (27/04/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Roadmap planning: what should be in the 0.8.0 release? When should releases be done? Do we have
   any rules about release branching? What about our dependent crates?

## Minutes

- `0.8.0` sohuld be the first one with a process, even incomplete. Aim to create and enforce one.
- Fixed-time, variable scope releases. 6 months cadence releases. Mid-September 2021.
- Branching? Write a process up, document in the community repo or in the Parsec book. Check what's
   typical for other CNCF projects. When do branch from `main`? What happens during the
   stabilisation period? Does not need to be long if the process does not take time.
- Give the stabilization branch to the distro maintainers to try. Release candidates for those
   versions.
- Specific tests on real hardware for releases. Could execute the tests manually during that time.
- Release branches could help maintaining a set of releases for security fixes.
- Need to choose a time between branching and release. Ask other projects.
- September release 0.8.0, what would be in it?
   - Could contain stability fixes.
   - Could contain the SPIFFE feature merged.
   - API for attestation offering x509 certificates possible. Roadmap to be written. Could be only
      for documentation but no implementation. Conversations with stakeholders needed. Could be done
      as an experimental operation first.
   - CryptoAuthLib integration?
   - Trusted Service provider tested on imx8?
- Parsec releases to be combination of different dependencies as well so that they can be packages
   easily. Other client libraries are free to adopt other processes. Mainly looking at Parsec and
   Parsec Tool.
- Might limit to fix dates for now to simplify.
- Which platforms Parsec work on? Hard to answer. Will need to be documented in the release process.
- Parsec Book documentation could be integrated in the Parsec Website.
- Parsec Book structure could be refactored.
- Parsec book update excluded from 0.8.0 as its versioning is independant.
- Raise an issue in the Parsec book for the release process.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
