# Parsec Community Meeting (30/03/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Ionuț Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Review of [Parsec Stability issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-book/issues/83)

## Minutes

- In the stability definition, note that Parsec's stability is defined for growing version numbers.
   A newer version of Parsec might not be replaceable with an older one.
- 1: If the open/close parameters is stricly followed, introduction of new parameters (algorithm/key
   type) might mean that new versions of all operations using those parameters might have to be
   created. To be discussed in the related issue.
- 5: Multiple authenticator problem was forgotten. A database (like SQL) can be used instead of the
   mappings to retrieve different properties about one single key: authenticator, provider,
   application name, key name, ID, attribute, etc. Might be more stable in the long run. Testing
   should be done where a lot of key mappings of different kinds are loaded by the Parsec service.
   The attributes of the key should be stored in the protobuf-serialised form instead of Serde for
   more stability. KeyID are serialised/deserialised by Serde. Strong checks/warnings need to be
   done on them.
- 7: Also apply to dynamically loaded libraries like PKCS 11. The information of the versions we
   support should be noted somewhere.

As much as possible the stability checks need to be automated. It is impossible to check for
everything.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
