# Parsec Community Meeting (07/09/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

- Update on the TPM key persistence issue
- SQLiteKIM, design discussion around what should happen in certain edge cases (e.g. the database
   exists, but tables are missing etc)
- Think about migration story of Parsec KIMs.

## Minutes

- Work on a fix for the TPM persistence issue is underway
   - A first version of the fix was confirmed to work, so the focus now is on preparing the whole
      stack for upstreaming
   - Despite no explicit request from users exists, we have chosen to implement a low-effort,
      low-impact migration scheme. This will fully reside in the TPM provider and will rely on
      `bincode` to flag issues in deserializing old key info structures. If an old structure is
      found, a migration to the new format is attempted.
- Matt presented his proposal for handling the edge cases in the bootstrapping code for the SQLite
   KIM.
   - If the database file is missing or if all the tables are missing from it (e.g. because the
      admin wanted to create the empty file with correct permissions), the tables are created and
      the service construction continues.
   - If some of the tables are missing, an error is thrown and the service bootstrapping stops.
   - If any lines holding key info are found with an unsupported version, an error is thrown and the
      service bootstrapping stops.
   - We won't worry about migration issues for now, we'll simply expect the key info version to be
      essentially static.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
