# Parsec Community Meeting (28/09/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

- Retrospective on the Parsec Release Process: what to change?
- Should we yank `tss-esapi` 6.1.0? See
   [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi/issues/260).
- Integration with `cosign` (see [here](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/issues/396))

## Minutes

- First iteration of the release
   - A tool is used to update the CHANGELOG file but is based on git tags. It means that the
      CHANGELOG file is not included in the tag itself and was not contained in the crate.
   - Use local changes to generate the CHANGELOG? Use a fake tag? Publish the crate after the
      CHANGELOG is in?
   - Details like this need to be collected together.
   - How do we decide on readyness of the release? A process is written down but who is benefiting
      from it? RH and Fedora releases are happening on their own cycles and not waiting for us.
   - March and September releases: should we define the process but not the schedule? Trigger it
      when it is needed? The two times might not been needed. What is the value of it?
   - Not time for deep retro: but little details to add to release process.
   - Schedule deeper thinking with more people involved in packaging.
   - Should it be based on list of features instead of dates?
   - Tags on Parsec might trigger releasing processes elsewhere.
   - Inviting community members to this meeting might be useful for feedback.
- `tss-esapi`
   - 6.1.0 can not be built anymore because of a dependency. Issue fixed and PR open to release
      6.1.1. Should we yank 6.1.0?
   - Will appear as yanked on crates.io. Specific reason to yank? Appart from having the issue
      again. Useful for crates who appear to be working but have security issues.
   - Fine for now to leave it there as it won't compile.
- `cosign`
   - Container signing and verification.
   - Initial use cases of Parsec: sign and verify workloads.
   - Issue to integrate with other signers: Parsec could be a good use.
   - The `crypto` interface could be a good candidate so that we can implement it in the Go client.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
