# Parsec Community Meeting (21/09/2021) 📋

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

- Discuss the need for a script to set up the development environment
   ([DockerFile](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/blob/main/e2e_tests/docker_image/parsec-service-test-all.Dockerfile))
- Dicsuss merge settings on parallaxsecond repos
- Proposing new `cryptoki` maintainers

## Minutes

- First item
   - Set up your dev env -> go through the Dockerfile to follow the commands. Need to be manual
      process because Docker specific. Shell script or something equivalent to set up everything.
   - Specific parameters for what you want provider to set up.
   - A new script to maintain and keep in sync with the rest. How often will it be used?
   - General point of lowering the entry barrier to contributors.
   - That script can be used in the Docker image to make sure it stays in sync.
   - Easier for new contributors than following other projects' documentation.
   - New issue to be created.
- Second item
   - Squash & merge currently disabled on Parsec. Have consistent configuration everywhere.
   - If enabled: the option to choose it or not is there.
   - Some contributors might want their commits to be squashed, some do not.
   - Instructions needed for the maintainers to look at the PR carefully. This should be documented.
   - S&M should not be used by default, only if asked specifically. This question could be asked in
      the PR template.
   - Raise GH issue to enable S&M on any repo where not enabled and update the contributors guide.
   - Two signed off by lines: committers and maitainer.
- Third item
   - GH issue to be created to ask concerned people: Wiktor and Mike.
- Anton: bash wrapper around parsec-tool utility. Exported public key can not be used. PKCS#1 format
   used (meant to be used for RSA keys only). Can be converted by openssl tools to PKCS#8 format.
   For ECC keys, the format is useless because missing some information. Option to export key to
   PKCS#8 format or default?

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
