# Parsec Community Meeting (09/11/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Phillip Griffiths
- Paul Howard
- Eugene Kobyakov
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Sam Spycher

## Agenda

1. Discuss On-Disk -> SQLite KIM migration. See
   [this](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/518#issuecomment-961890148) comment.
2. Discuss how to improve the workflow for contributions across crates.
3. Presentation on the NetFoundry + Capgemini + Arm demo for Re:Invent which includes Parsec.

## Minutes

1. SQLite KIM has been mostly implemented and only needs a few touches before being ready for
   merging for the 0.9.0 release of the service. The current set of tasks currently includes an
   issue for designing and implementing a migration mechanism that would port older mappings from
   the On-Disk KIM to the new, more suitable KIM. There are, however, a multitude of questions
   around how and when to implement this feature, as expressed by Paul
   [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/518#issuecomment-961890148).
   - The easiest approach would be to simply defer this feature until someone requests it, given the
      small deployment base so far.
   - Ideally, the SQLite KIM should be present by default in all new builds, but also with support
      for the old KIM with no obligation for admins to migrate, and all existing systems capable of
      functioning as they are, with their existing config files.
   - An agreement seems likely to form around postponing the feature, but a final decision has been
      left for a subsequent meeting in order to accommodate the presentation from NetFoundry.
2. Postponed for next meeting.
3. NetFoundry, Capgemini, and Arm are working to pull together a presentation on programable
   networking for Re:Invent, using Parsec to handle the crypto side of the hardware-backed identity.
   You can read more about it in
   [this](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01EARH2ZB3/p1636532999051100) message.
   - Access to Parsec might be required from both Go and C, including the support for multitenancy
      that the service currently offers.
   - Access through C is currently implemented through the reference implementation of the PSA
      Crypto spec, using an [SE driver](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-se-driver) that
      wraps around the Rust client. Theoretically, this should include full support for both Unix
      Domain Socket credentials, and for Spiffe authentication (if compiled appropriately).
   - Access through Go is possible through a [proper Go client
      library](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-client-go). However, Spiffe support is not
      currently available.
   - Discussions will continue as work on the demo progresses and more detailed questions surface.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
