# Parsec Community Meeting (27/07/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

- Ratify Aug 1st code freeze date for 0.8.0 release.
- Discuss the design proposal of
   [`GetSupportedAlgorithms`](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/426)
- Discuss the design proposal of the
   [`SqliteKeyInfoManager`](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/424)

## Minutes

- Official date of 1st August has been ratified. Rest of 0.8.0 milestone issues should be ready
   before the code freeze date. It's also fine if they are done a short time after the freeze date.
- Asym. encryption in the TS provider: bug in the TS side, won't be able to be included in the 0.8.0
   release.
- New `provider_name` PR is preparation work to the new SQLite KIM functionality. Might be good to
   add that on its own feature branch. Branch to be created. Not to be included in the 0.8.0 release
   to not change the configuration file.
- Keys are stored in the TPM in the Null hierarchy. Can be lost after a TPM reset. Not sure how it
   can be reset. Not a regression with the last release, treat it as a normal bug at its own pace.
- PSA Crypto API effort to check capabilities. Effort has been stopped. Driver capability syntax in
   the new repo.
- Parsec tries to model its APIs to PSA Crypto: we don't want to miss alignment opportunities.
   Verify the format. Campaign for access to the PSA Crypto capabilities APIs.
- Sketch client code with the new opcodes to see how it would look like. Sequence diagram. Set vs
   sequence semantics. Dev programming model.
- Filtering suggestion good to go.
- TPM_GetCapability support in the tss-esapi crate. TestParams as well, could be used.
- The supported capabilities could come from configuration or a text document, deployment-time
   intelligence.
- Providers maybe too involved in the name space of the keys. Not too much experience of Parsec
   deployments with more than one provider. Key names scoped by providers or not?
- From the original design, providers are nor part of the namespace.
- KIM identified as an authenticator property, invalidating other definitions.
- provider_name stability if adding it in fly (if another provider of the same type is added).
   Should we default it? Comments for warning?
- How do clients use the provider_name? To differientate between providers of the same type. How to
   use that information? Semantic difference (ie cloud vs local HSM)?
- Multiple providers same type could be useful to filter some providers only to some clients.
- Put the provider_name in without leaking that information yet or supporting multiple providers.
- authenticator section from one section to multiple arrays of table: is it possible in a
   non-breaking way?

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
