# Parsec Community Meeting (16/11/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. Proposing Wiktor (@wiktor-k) as TSS crate maintainer.
2. Discuss On-Disk -> SQLite KIM migration. See
   [this](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/518#issuecomment-961890148) comment.
3. Discuss how to improve the workflow for contributions across crates.
4. Discuss enabling a feature to force PRs to always rebase on top of `main` before merge. See the
   discussion on [this PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi/pull/288).

## Minutes

1. The proposal was accepted by all participants and the permissions have already been granted.
2. A consensus was agreed to defer work for a migration script.
   - The already-implemented SQLite KIM will be shipped as part of 0.9.0, along with the On-Disk
      KIM.
   - The SQLite KIM will be presented as the default KIM. Since there is no "default" when it comes
      to what KIM is used for some configured provider, the main difference will be in what is
      enabled in the [example `config.toml`
      file](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/blob/main/config.toml).
   - An issue will also be created to investigate what could/should be done about the default config
      file used when packaging Parsec for distros.
3. Agreed to keep repos in their current shape, but move towards a dependency model where the latest
   changes on `main` are always in-sync across the stack.
   - An issue to be created for adding periodic testing of such alignment, particularly for the
      different components of the Parsec service repo.
4. Given that the issue appears very infrequently, the request to always rebase is a big price to
   pay.
   - Instead, a Github feature can be used that performs the CI checks on the code resulting from a
      merge and allows the merge to proceed only if they pass.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
