# Parsec Community Meeting (13/07/2021) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Switching to Mbed TLS 3.0.0 in `psa-crypto-sys`
   ([context](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-psa-crypto/issues/85)), what release process?
   What impact on stability? What impact on Yocto?
2. Write your own item!

## Minutes

- PR is [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-psa-crypto/pull/88), contains breaking changes
   and stability changes. A version 0.9.0 would be needed.
- It would be possible to publish an unreleased version of Parsec in Yocto, using git dependencies
   as a temporary solution. What would be the name of the Parsec Yocto layer in that case? Might be
   weird.
- A C patch could be applied in the Mbed TLS submodule inside `psa-crypto-sys` in the Yocto layer
   build to be able to fix the issue without changing any of the releases. Temporary solution until
   0.8.0 is out.
- General problem of dynamic linking: is it useful at all if the ABI/API always changes between
   versions? Should it be supported if it's a footgun?
- Investigate any documentation talking about ABI/API stability for Mbed Crypto in between Mbed TLS
   versions. Would need that to understand what stability we can then offer in Parsec.
- Would the above change when the Mbed TLS LTS is out?
- Report the compilation bug in Mbed TLS.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
