# Parsec Community Meeting (02/08/2022) 📋

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Sam Davis
- Gokhan Gokce
- Paul Howard
- Adam Johnston
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Is there a need for a `parsec-admin-tool`? (More details to be given during the meeting)
2. What permissions should the KIM files have?

## Minutes

1. Seeking feedback on whether a `parsec-admin-tool` might be useful.
   - The use-case that prompted this is related to an attestation related use-case: an admin might
      be required to perform quite a few setup steps, for example by creating and certifying an
      attesting key which the Parsec service could then use.
   - A possible approach is to offer a simple tool that would perform these setup tasks for them,
      also aiding them in configuring the system accordingly.
   - However, this approach has a drawback in the fact that it fragments our interaction area with
      the various backends. Ideally the Parsec service should be the only piece of code that has to
      communicate down the stack.
   - We agreed to investigate this more closely, and how difficult it would be to fold the
      functionality for this tool into the Parsec service, particularly through the configuration
      mechanism.
2. Should the KIM files allow access to the whole group under which the Parsec service is running?
   - [An issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/598) currently being worked-on
      revolves around setting the right permissions for files generated by KIMs. The question raised
      is whether these permissions should only target the current user under which the service is
      running or whether the group should get permissions as well.
   - Potential use-cases could require that a wider group of users has access to said files, however
      given the lack of information of such workflows it's safer to just stick with user-only
      permissions.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
