# Parsec Community Meeting (11/01/2022) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. Discuss whether forthcoming Parsec release could be tagged 1.0 instead of 0.9.
2. Proposal to dedicate the next community meeting (18/01/2022) to a presentation and demo of the
   Java client.
3. `cryptoki` - to release, or not to release?

## Minutes

1. Paul Howard has proposed switching to a 1.0 tag for the upcoming Parsec service release instead
   of the currently expected 0.9.
   - This would mark a milestone in presenting the service as stable and ready for production use.
   - Given the amount of work put into maturity and stability goals in the past year and a half, it
      seems like a good moment to market the service as such.
   - We can rely on the testing infrastructure we've set up to back us up on the claim that the
      service interfaces are stable.
   - If no pushback from the community appears for this proposal, we will go ahead and rebrand the
      [release milestone](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/milestone/3).
2. Agreed to dedicate the next community meeting to a presentation of the Java client, which has
   recently joined the list of repos under the Parsec organisation.
   - Any other topics on the agenda will be postponed for the 25th of January.
3. Folks at NLnetLabs [have
   requested](https://github.com/NLnetLabs/krill/pull/754#discussion_r782060883) a release of the
   `cryptoki` crate, for use in their [Certificate Authority and Publication
   Server](https://github.com/NLnetLabs/krill).
   - The consensus seems to be that, since the `cryptoki` is still in its infancy and is tagged with
      a pre-1.0.0 version number, we can continue releasing with minor version number bumps that
      bring large changes to the overall API.
   - The issue raised by Ionut Mihalcea is that we have currently diverged quite a lot from the
      previous release (0.2.0), and this rate of change can be expected to continue for a while, so
      in an ideal world we would release when there's a bit of stability. Otherwise, both 0.3.0 and
      0.4.0 will bring major changes, which could put users off.
   - However, we don't have the capacity to move quickly enough to ensure a fast release while
      filling in everything that we wanted to.
   - We thus decided to make a 0.3.0 release ASAP, only considering for addition [the
      issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-cryptoki/issues/75) raised by one of the
      NLnetLabs maintainers.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
