# Parsec Community Meeting (03/05/2022) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Darragh Grealish
- Paul Howard
- Shebu Varghese Kuriakose
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Updates on dev work
2. First iteration of Hello Parsec is available
3. Should we do a point release of Parsec in between the two major releases?
4. Another PKCS11 aberration

## Minutes

1. Another fairly quiet week
   - A few contributions to the Cryptoki and TSS crates from the community, as well as bits and bobs
      on the other repos
2. A PR for the first iteration of Hello Parsec [is now
   available](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/hello-parsec/pull/2)
   - It contains code examples in Go and Rust, as well as a short Parsec tool example
   - The examples are encapsulated in a Docker image
3. A question has been raised as to whether there is a need for a point Parsec release.
   - The question followed a few minor issues having been identified in the Yocto recipes, not
      significant enough to demand an update on their own (i.e., without a Parsec version update).
   - A point release might be a good way to offer faster access to some of the features and fixes
      that have been merged (`get_random` for TPM, PKCS11 EC public key format fix...), and such a
      release is always an option.
   - However, at the moment there is no pull or major reason to do such a release.
   - We don't document when such releases are required or expected, and if we start pushing them out
      randomly we could get into a situation where others come asking for a point release at
      inconvenient times for us, citing the previous ones as examples.
   - Currently we are not expecting another release before September, but the situation might
      change.
   - In the meanwhile we can clarify in our docs when point releases will be carried out (e.g.,
      following security advisories).
4. Some PKCS11 tokens allow/require invalid PINs.
   - This was reported in [a recent PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-cryptoki/pull/90) on
      the Cryptoki crate
   - [An issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/603) now exists to cover the Parsec
      side of the "feature"

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
