# Parsec Community Meeting (21/06/2022) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. EdDSA support in Parsec?
2. Support for verifying every signature Parsec generates before releasing it
3. Other questions

## Minutes

1. Should we start reviewing the effort required for adding more primitives to the Parsec interface?
   - EdDSA signing is often the [recommended signing
      mechanism](https://latacora.micro.blog/2018/04/03/cryptographic-right-answers.html#asymmetric-signatures)
      for greenfield projects due to security issues related to ECDSA (and RSA signatures).
   - We currently do not support EdDSA in Parsec, and the more important caveat is that we're not
      sure how difficult it would be to add the support.
   - EdDSA is one of the new primitives in PSA Crypto v1.1. Perhaps, since there is no pull for
      EdDSA specifically, it makes more sense to consider a Parsec interface based on PSA Crypto
      v1.1.
   - The first step should be a thorough investigation of the two possible approaches: extending the
      existing contracts with the new primitives, or creating new contracts based on the new spec.
   - Hugues has done and written up [a fairly in-depth analysis of
      this](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/388).
   - A new issue will be created to track the investigation at least.
   - An important thing to note: very few backends support EdDSA - TPM2.0 does not, for example.
2. Would be useful to offer sanity checks in some situations, but comes with some issues.
   - Verifying signatures before sending them out to clients would be useful in making sure no error
      had ocurred in computation/communication with the backend, and it could even catch some
      PKCS11-related issues in formatting/processing.
   - However it does bring up some issues - if the PKCS11 token does not offer support for public
      key operations, how would this work?
   - Also: performing the verification might take a lot of cycles to compete, not exactly the
      friendliest thing performance-wise.
   - An issue will be opened for this.
3. A few questions regarding Parsec design decisions.
   - Why is the wire protocol a bespoke binary format instead of using Protobuf?
      - The wire protocol was designed before the content type was chosen, and is supposed to be
         usable in every situation where Parsec might be used, so it makes more sense to keep it
         agnostic of any "higher-level" encoding mechanism. The content type, on the other hand, is
         encoded in the header much like in HTTP requests.
   - Why is the PKCS11 library chosen dynamically and loaded at runtime by the service, while the
      other providers don't offer this flexibility?
      - PKCS11 backends usually come with their own library which handles the interfacing with the
         token, and choosing that backend comes down to loading and using its library. For the other
         providers we link either statically or dynamically to "the one true library" used to
         communicate.
   - How do we link to the Trusted Services library?
      - We set the requirement for dynamic linking with the `libts` library in `build.rs`. If the
         linker doesn't find the library but we try to use it, an error is thrown and the service
         will stop.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
