# Parsec Community Meeting (23/08/2022) 📋

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Gokhan Gokce
- Paul Howard
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Clippy warnings for generated code (regenerate-protobuf)
2. Preparations for upcoming release

## Minutes

1. A recent CI issue has raised two discussion points:
   - How can/should we handle clippy warnings due to new lints introduced by new releases of the
      Rust toolchain?
      - New lints can be introduced every 6 weeks (the cadence of Rust toolchain releases) - at the
         moment, we just grab the latest one and always risk having the build fail because of it.
      - An alternative would be to pin the version number and increase it manually every now and
         then, in a PR that includes fixes for the failing lints. However for this we'd need some
         sort of process or community-level reminder to perform this task *across all of our repos*.
      - The current solution is to just roll with the releases and fix things as they break. There
         is not that much appetite to move beyond this approach as the frequency of new lints
         "breaking" our CI isn't that high.
   - And how do we ensure notifications for build failures reach the appropriate people.
      - At the moment, the new toolchains will be picked up "randomly", whenever the release
         happens, by whichever build runs first and triggers the warnings. If those builds are due
         to a PR being merged, then the notification will (currently) only reach the person who
         merged the PR. This is a problem in terms of the effectiveness of the community and of our
         processes.
      - Ideally the notifications should be sent to a wider audience, either to a list of
         individuals (i.e., maintainers), or to some communication channel that can be joined and
         checked by anyone.
      - Having these reported, for example, on the Slack channel would allow conversations to happen
         within the same thread, to allow maintainers and community members to discuss or
         orchestrate solutions more transparently.
      - Another option to check is any support from GitHub Actions towards notifying certain
         individuals for every (important) failure.
2. The 1.1.0 release of the Parsec service is due in September.
   - Last PRs are being prepared before a code freeze will be instated.
   - We'll be issuing the release checklist and begin testing once the first release candidate is
      tagged.
   - Mohamed and Gowtham will take the leading role in driving this release, once they are granted
      the appropriate permissions.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
