# Parsec Community Meeting (26/07/2022) 📋

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Gokhan Gokce
- Adam Johnston
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

- How to deal with deprecated primitives in key imports
- Other topics

## Minutes

- [One of the issues](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/119) under current development
   regards configurable exclusion of deprecated primitives
   - Depending on the service configuration, new keys that contain a deprecated algorithm or key
      type in their template cannot be created by clients
   - The question is not as clear-cut for importing: if Parsec clients already have the key and are
      actively using it, refusing to allow its import would not help.
   - As an alternative, it was decided that the service would perform the operation, but log a
      warning.
   - The documentation of both generating and importing keys will also be enhanced to mention the
      behavior around deprecated primitives.
- Other questions:
   - What is the typical process for tracking pieces of work that result from community
      conversations? We raise Github issues to track any features requested, and as a setting for
      carrying out discussions around those topics.
   - Do we always need/want to have a Github issue, or is it acceptable to use PRs directly as a
      place for discussions? Depending on the level of the discussion it can be perfectly acceptable
      to discuss directly on a PR. However, for more complex pieces of work it's advisable to carry
      out a discussion before actually implementing a solution in order to avoid unnecessary/wasted
      effort.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
