# Parsec Community Meeting (01/03/2022) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. Updates on the Parsec 1.0.0 release
2. Discussion on handling PRs in `cryptoki`

## Minutes

1. Release Candidate 2 is out:
   - Includes a patch to remove CAL provider from `all-providers` after a report of an issue
      cross-compiling it. The Rust CAL stack is currently unmaintained, so we cannot issue a fix.
      Therefore, we've opted to remove it from the default list of built providers.
   - MbedTLS v2.28.0 has been nominated as LTS, and so Red Hat would like to dynamically link to
      this version in the Mbed Crypto provider instead of using a statically linked v3.0.0 of the
      library. Investigation and reply to this request pending.
   - Yocto build for the new RC has been successful!
   - Some steps are still pending to complete the release: testing on other hardware platforms (with
      hw TPM and HSM), fuzz testing.
   - Threat model and Parsec book have also been updated.
2. Wiktor reports that, in the `cryptoki` repo, PRs go unmerged because we don't have enough
   maintainers reviewing PRs to get two approvals.
   - Ideally we'd want to get those two approvals instead of relying on our admin privileges like
      for the Parsec repos, to try and keep the TSS/PKCS11... repos self-sustaining, powered by the
      contributor community.
   - However at the moment only Wiktor and Ionut are reviewing things on a regular basis.
   - Paul and Anton have volunteered to be tagged along on PRs for now to help with this problem.
   - In the long run we might revert to using our admin powers for the merges.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
