# Parsec Community Meeting (03/01/2023) 📋

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston
- Dennis Gove
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Gokhan Gokce
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard

## Agenda

- C/C++ client futures (PaulH)
- Update on attestation PoC (Ionut)
- Parsec in Debian (Gowtham)

## Minutes

- Dennis, a new member of the community who works for Bloomberg, was welcomed at the start of the
   meeting. He is part of a finance security infrastructure team, they are currently searching for a
   secure key management and distributed solution for hardware security modules (HSMs). Dennis is
   particularly interested in this PARSEC because the architecture is pluggable and able to meet the
   team's needs.
- The meeting discussed finance security infrastructure and the need for secure key management and
   distributed hardware security modules (HSMs). Dennis asked about the possibility of running
   Parsec across a network. Paul responded that it is currently only used on the localhost but it is
   possible to add this feature, but it will require data synchronization between different
   instances and network security layers.
- The current architecture mechanism for authentication supports various methods including
   SPIFFE/SPIRE, and the possibility of a distributed key info manager (metadata) was discussed.
- Paul also raised the topic of C/C++ client and the issue of how PSA crypto APIs and Parsec handle
   keys differently. Rationale of using integers as key identifiers in the PSA APIs was designed to
   suit small targets.
- Dennis suggested enforcing a naming convention scheme to ensure consistency, but it may not solve
   the problem with the PSA crypto APIs. However, the community finds it as a good enhancement.
- The idea of making the mapping visible was also discussed and Paul said he would go back to the
   people who requested this to see their preferences.
- The other topics have been skipped due to overrun meetings.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
